Welcome, in this video, we're going to update our pull request.
I'm picking up from our last video, currently on the pull request targeting the
"starter-web" repository within "scm-ninja".
Let's take a quick look around the pull request page.
Currently, at the top we have the title of the pull request
and the pull request number that's associated with this repository.
In this case, pull request "#6" for the "starter-web" repository on "scm-ninja".
It tells me that this was opened by my user id, and that I want to merge one commit
into "scm-ninja:master". In this case we're abbreviating
by leaving out the name of the repository, from my user id, feature branch.
If I wanted to, I could edit the title of this pull request, but I'm happy with it for now.
I also see that I have the conversation, which is the default tab,
I have a commits tab, and I have a files changed tab.
The commits tab shows me all the commits that were associated with this pull request,
and the files changed shows me all the files that are associated with this pull request.
Let's return back to the conversation. As you might imagine, the conversation tab
has all the comments that are associated with this pull request.
And, if there were multiple commenters on this pull request,
you would see the entire conversation listed on this tab.
This tab also gives me the general status of this pull request,
and whether or not it can be merged with the targeted base branch,
which in this case it currently can. On the right hand side,
I have the ability to assign labels or specific milestones,
or assign it to another user within the repository for review.
One thing I'd like to point out is that I can keep adding more commits to this pull request,
by adding commits to the underlying feature branch involved with this pull request.
So, let's try it out; I'm going to go back to the terminal, and I am currently still
on the "feature-readme" branch on my local Git repository for "starter-web".
While I have a "README.md" file, there isn't much content in it,
so I'd like to add a little bit more content before we move forward with the pull request.
So now I'm going to edit the Readme file, and I'm going to add
just a little bit more content to the Readme file, then I'm going to save and then close.
And now I'm going to use the express commit, that is
adding and then committing in one step to establish my commit for my change:
"Adding Purpose section to README", now press enter.
I now have a clean working directory, and I am one commit ahead
of "origin/feature-readme". Alright, so let's synchronize our changes
by pushing up to GitHub; simply type "git push".
Great, in addition to those changes now being on the "starter-web" repository
within my user's space on GitHub, if I go back to the pull request page
I now have my new commit associated with this pull request.
This is the original commit, and this is my new commit.
Both commits are now associated with this pull request,
and now I'm ready to accept the pull request.